MICHAEL COHEN DAY. JOINING US IN OUR FIRST PANEL OF
JOINING US IN OUR FIRST PANEL OF GUESTS TONIGHT.
GUESTS TONIGHT. AND THERE IS SO MUCH TO REPORT
AND THERE IS SO MUCH TO REPORT ON THAT.
ON THAT. WE LEARNED NEW THINGS.
WE LEARNED NEW THINGS. THAT’S WHAT ONE MEMBER OF THE
THAT’S WHAT ONE MEMBER OF THE HOUSE INTELLIGENCE COMMITTEE
HOUSE INTELLIGENCE COMMITTEE SAID TODAY AFTER MICHAEL COHEN’S
SAID TODAY AFTER MICHAEL COHEN’S SECOND CLOSED SESSION IN A WEEK
SECOND CLOSED SESSION IN A WEEK TESTIFYING TO THAT COMMITTEE.
TESTIFYING TO THAT COMMITTEE. THE MEMBER OF THE COMMITTEE --
THE MEMBER OF THE COMMITTEE -- THAT MEMBER OF THE COMMITTEE
THAT MEMBER OF THE COMMITTEE ALSO SAID THAT MICHAEL COHEN
ALSO SAID THAT MICHAEL COHEN BROUGHT NEW DOCUMENTS TO THE
BROUGHT NEW DOCUMENTS TO THE COMMITTEE TODAY.
COMMITTEE TODAY. THE CHAIRMAN OF THE COMMITTEE
THE CHAIRMAN OF THE COMMITTEE ADAM SCHIFF SAID IT WAS A,
ADAM SCHIFF SAID IT WAS A, QUOTE, ENORMOUSLY PRODUCTIVE
QUOTE, ENORMOUSLY PRODUCTIVE SESSION.
SESSION. ONE OF THE THINGS THE HOUSE
ONE OF THE THINGS THE HOUSE INVESTIGATIVE COMMITTEES ARE
INVESTIGATIVE COMMITTEES ARE TRYING TO LEARN IS WHETHER PUMP
TRYING TO LEARN IS WHETHER PUMP OR HIS LAWYERS TRIED TO USE THE
OR HIS LAWYERS TRIED TO USE THE POSSIBILITY OF A PRESIDENTIAL
POSSIBILITY OF A PRESIDENTIAL PARDON TO PREVENT MICHAEL COHEN
PARDON TO PREVENT MICHAEL COHEN AND OTHERS FROM TESTIFYING
AND OTHERS FROM TESTIFYING AGAINST DONALD TRUMP.
AGAINST DONALD TRUMP. IN A BREAKING NEWS REPORT
IN A BREAKING NEWS REPORT TONIGHT "THE NEW YORK TIMES" IS
TONIGHT "THE NEW YORK TIMES" IS REPORTING THAT THE PRESIDENT’S
REPORTING THAT THE PRESIDENT’S TV LAWYER RUDY GIULIANI SAYS
TV LAWYER RUDY GIULIANI SAYS THAT LAWYERS FOR SEVERAL PEOPLE
THAT LAWYERS FOR SEVERAL PEOPLE APPROACHED HIM ABOUT THE
APPROACHED HIM ABOUT THE POSSIBILITY OF PRESIDENTIAL
POSSIBILITY OF PRESIDENTIAL PARDONS.
PARDONS. "THE TIMES" REPORTS MR. GIULIANI
"THE TIMES" REPORTS MR. GIULIANI WHO HAS BEEN REPRESENTING MR.
WHO HAS BEEN REPRESENTING MR. TRUMP SINCE LAST SPRING SAYS HE
TRUMP SINCE LAST SPRING SAYS HE ALWAYS INSISTED TO DEFENSE
ALWAYS INSISTED TO DEFENSE LAWYERS THAT IN TRUMP WOULD NOT
LAWYERS THAT IN TRUMP WOULD NOT CONSIDER GRANTING PARDONS UNTIL
CONSIDER GRANTING PARDONS UNTIL THE INVESTIGATIONS WERE LONG
THE INVESTIGATIONS WERE LONG OVER.
OVER. I ALWAYS GAVE ONE ANSWER AND
I ALWAYS GAVE ONE ANSWER AND THEY ALWAYS LEFT DISAPPOINTED,
THEY ALWAYS LEFT DISAPPOINTED, MR. GIULIANI SAID.
MR. GIULIANI SAID. "THE TIMES" NOTES TONIGHT THAT
"THE TIMES" NOTES TONIGHT THAT PRESIDENT TRUMP’S FIRST LEGAL
PRESIDENT TRUMP’S FIRST LEGAL TEAM, HEADED BY WASHINGTON
TEAM, HEADED BY WASHINGTON LAWYER JOHN DOWD, QUOTE, HAD
LAWYER JOHN DOWD, QUOTE, HAD DISCUSSIONS WITH LAWYERS FOR
DISCUSSIONS WITH LAWYERS FOR PAUL MANAFORT AND MICHAEL T.
PAUL MANAFORT AND MICHAEL T. FLYNN IN 2017 ABOUT PARDONS.
FLYNN IN 2017 ABOUT PARDONS. ABC NEWS IS REPORTING THAT IN
ABC NEWS IS REPORTING THAT IN THE WEEKS FOLLOWING THE RAID ON
THE WEEKS FOLLOWING THE RAID ON MICHAEL COHEN’S HOME, OFFICE AND
MICHAEL COHEN’S HOME, OFFICE AND HOTEL ROOM LAST YEAR, MICHAEL
HOTEL ROOM LAST YEAR, MICHAEL COHEN WAS, QUOTE, CONTACTED BY
COHEN WAS, QUOTE, CONTACTED BY TWO NEW YORK ATTORNEYS WHO
TWO NEW YORK ATTORNEYS WHO CLAIMED TO BE IN CLOSE CONTACT
CLAIMED TO BE IN CLOSE CONTACT WITH RUDY GIULIANI.
WITH RUDY GIULIANI. SOURCES DESCRIBED THE LAWYERS’
SOURCES DESCRIBED THE LAWYERS’ CONTACT WITH COHEN AS AN EFFORT
CONTACT WITH COHEN AS AN EFFORT TO KEEP HIM IN THE TENT.
TO KEEP HIM IN THE TENT. NBC NEWS HAS CONFIRMED THAT
NBC NEWS HAS CONFIRMED THAT ACCORDING TO A SOURCE FAMILIAR
ACCORDING TO A SOURCE FAMILIAR WITH THE MATTER, MICHAEL COHEN
WITH THE MATTER, MICHAEL COHEN PROVIDED THE INTELLIGENCE
PROVIDED THE INTELLIGENCE COMMITTEE TODAY WITH NEW
COMMITTEE TODAY WITH NEW DOCUMENTS SHOWING EDITS TO THE
DOCUMENTS SHOWING EDITS TO THE WRITTEN STATEMENT THAT HE
WRITTEN STATEMENT THAT HE DELIVERED TO CONGRESS IN 2017
DELIVERED TO CONGRESS IN 2017 ABOUT A PROJECT TO BUILD A
ABOUT A PROJECT TO BUILD A MOSCOW TRUMP TOWER.
MOSCOW TRUMP TOWER. HERE’S WHAT MICHAEL COHEN SAID
HERE’S WHAT MICHAEL COHEN SAID ABOUT THOSE EDITS IN LAST WEEK’S
ABOUT THOSE EDITS IN LAST WEEK’S PUBLIC HEARING.
PUBLIC HEARING. >> MR. TRUMP’S PERSONAL LAWYERS
>> MR. TRUMP’S PERSONAL LAWYERS REVIEWED AND EDITED MY STATEMENT
REVIEWED AND EDITED MY STATEMENT TO CONGRESS ABOUT THE TIMING OF
TO CONGRESS ABOUT THE TIMING OF THE MOSCOW TOWER NEGOTIATIONS
THE MOSCOW TOWER NEGOTIATIONS BEFORE I GAVE IT.
BEFORE I GAVE IT. SO TO BE CLEAR, MR. TRUMP KNEW
SO TO BE CLEAR, MR. TRUMP KNEW OF AND DIRECTED THE TRUMP MOSCOW
OF AND DIRECTED THE TRUMP MOSCOW NEGOTIATIONS THROUGHOUT THE
NEGOTIATIONS THROUGHOUT THE CAMPAIGN AND LIED ABOUT IT.
CAMPAIGN AND LIED ABOUT IT. HE LIED ABOUT IT BECAUSE HE
HE LIED ABOUT IT BECAUSE HE NEVER EXPECTED TO WIN.
NEVER EXPECTED TO WIN. HE ALSO LIED ABOUT IT BECAUSE HE
HE ALSO LIED ABOUT IT BECAUSE HE STOOD TO MAKE HUNDREDS OF
STOOD TO MAKE HUNDREDS OF MILLIONS OF DOLLARS ON THE
MILLIONS OF DOLLARS ON THE MOSCOW REAL ESTATE PROJECT.
MOSCOW REAL ESTATE PROJECT. AND SO I LIED ABOUT IT, TOO.
AND SO I LIED ABOUT IT, TOO. BECAUSE MR. TRUMP HAD MADE CLEAR
BECAUSE MR. TRUMP HAD MADE CLEAR TO ME THROUGH HIS PERSONAL
TO ME THROUGH HIS PERSONAL STATEMENTS TO ME THAT WE BOTH
STATEMENTS TO ME THAT WE BOTH KNEW TO BE FALSE, AND THROUGH
KNEW TO BE FALSE, AND THROUGH HIS LIES TO THE COUNTRY THAT HE
HIS LIES TO THE COUNTRY THAT HE WANTED ME TO LIE.
WANTED ME TO LIE. AND HE MADE IT CLEAR TO ME
AND HE MADE IT CLEAR TO ME BECAUSE HIS PERSONAL ATTORNEYS
BECAUSE HIS PERSONAL ATTORNEYS REVIEWED MY STATEMENT BEFORE I
REVIEWED MY STATEMENT BEFORE I GAVE IT TO CONGRESS.
GAVE IT TO CONGRESS. >> MICHAEL COHEN HAS PLEADED
>> MICHAEL COHEN HAS PLEADED GUILTY TO LYING TO CONGRESS.
GUILTY TO LYING TO CONGRESS. IN THAT WRITTEN STATEMENT THAT
IN THAT WRITTEN STATEMENT THAT HE NOW SAYS WAS EDITED BY DONALD
HE NOW SAYS WAS EDITED BY DONALD TRUMP’S LAWYERS.
TRUMP’S LAWYERS. TRUMP ATTORNEY JAY SEKULOW
TRUMP ATTORNEY JAY SEKULOW DENIED THE ALLEGATION BY MICHAEL
DENIED THE ALLEGATION BY MICHAEL COHEN THAT TRUMP LAWYERS
COHEN THAT TRUMP LAWYERS SUBORNED THE PERJURY TO CONGRESS
SUBORNED THE PERJURY TO CONGRESS THAT MICHAEL COHEN HAS NOW
THAT MICHAEL COHEN HAS NOW CONFESSED TO AND PLEADED GUILTY
CONFESSED TO AND PLEADED GUILTY TO.
TO. HERE’S WHAT INTELLIGENCE
HERE’S WHAT INTELLIGENCE COMMITTEE CHAIRMAN ADAM SCHIFF
COMMITTEE CHAIRMAN ADAM SCHIFF SAID ABOUT MICHAEL COHEN’S NEW
SAID ABOUT MICHAEL COHEN’S NEW TESTIMONY TODAY.
TESTIMONY TODAY. >> HE ANSWERED EVERY QUESTION
>> HE ANSWERED EVERY QUESTION THAT WAS PUT TO HIM BY MEMBERS
THAT WAS PUT TO HIM BY MEMBERS OF BOTH PARTIES.
OF BOTH PARTIES. HE WAS FULLY COOPERATIVE WITH
HE WAS FULLY COOPERATIVE WITH THE COMMITTEE.
THE COMMITTEE. WE HAD REQUESTED DOCUMENTS OF
WE HAD REQUESTED DOCUMENTS OF MR. COHEN.
MR. COHEN. HE HAS PROVIDE ADD ADEQUATE
HE HAS PROVIDE ADD ADEQUATE DOCUMENTS
DOCUMENTS ADDITIONAL DOCUMENTS TO THE
ADDITIONAL DOCUMENTS TO THE COMMITTEE.
COMMITTEE. HIS COOPERATION WITH OUR
HIS COOPERATION WITH OUR COMMITTEE CONTINUES.
COMMITTEE CONTINUES. SO I THINK THE MEMBERS FOUND IT
SO I THINK THE MEMBERS FOUND IT AN ENORMOUSLY PRODUCTIVE
AN ENORMOUSLY PRODUCTIVE SESSION.
SESSION. >> SOME OF THE ADDITIONAL
>> SOME OF THE ADDITIONAL DOCUMENTS THAT MICHAEL COHEN
DOCUMENTS THAT MICHAEL COHEN SUBMITTED TO THE COMMITTEE TODAY
SUBMITTED TO THE COMMITTEE TODAY NO DOUBT INCLUDE COPIES OF
NO DOUBT INCLUDE COPIES OF CHECKS TO MICHAEL COHEN THAT
CHECKS TO MICHAEL COHEN THAT WERE PUBLISHED IN "THE NEW YORK
WERE PUBLISHED IN "THE NEW YORK TIMES" TODAY.
TIMES" TODAY. LAST WEEK’S HEARING, MICHAEL
LAST WEEK’S HEARING, MICHAEL COHEN REVEALED SOME CHECKS THAT
COHEN REVEALED SOME CHECKS THAT HE SAID WERE PART OF DONALD
HE SAID WERE PART OF DONALD TRUMP’S REIMBURSEMENT TO HIM FOR
TRUMP’S REIMBURSEMENT TO HIM FOR THE $130,000 THAT MICHAEL COHEN
THE $130,000 THAT MICHAEL COHEN ILLEGALLY PAID TO STORMY DANIELS
ILLEGALLY PAID TO STORMY DANIELS DURING THE PRESIDENTIAL
DURING THE PRESIDENTIAL CAMPAIGN, A CRIME THAT MICHAEL
CAMPAIGN, A CRIME THAT MICHAEL COHEN SAYS HE COMMITTED AT THE
COHEN SAYS HE COMMITTED AT THE DIRECTION OF THEN PRESIDENTIAL
DIRECTION OF THEN PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE DONALD TRUMP.
CANDIDATE DONALD TRUMP. WE NOW HAVE EIGHT OF THE CHECKS
WE NOW HAVE EIGHT OF THE CHECKS THAT WERE PART OF THAT
THAT WERE PART OF THAT REIMBURSEMENT SCHEME.
REIMBURSEMENT SCHEME. THE FIRST TWO OF THESE CHECKS
THE FIRST TWO OF THESE CHECKS ARE FROM THE DONALD TRUMP TRUST
ARE FROM THE DONALD TRUMP TRUST ACCOUNT, AN ACCOUNT THAT WAS
ACCOUNT, AN ACCOUNT THAT WAS ESTABLISHED WHEN DONALD TRUMP
ESTABLISHED WHEN DONALD TRUMP BECAME PRESIDENT AND A TRUST WAS
BECAME PRESIDENT AND A TRUST WAS ESTABLISHED BY THE TRUMP COMPANY
ESTABLISHED BY THE TRUMP COMPANY THAT WAS SUPPOSED TO ISOLATE THE
THAT WAS SUPPOSED TO ISOLATE THE TRUMP BUSINESS FROM DONALD TRUMP
TRUMP BUSINESS FROM DONALD TRUMP HIMSELF DURING THE PRESIDENCY.
HIMSELF DURING THE PRESIDENCY. THOSE FIRST TWO CHECKS FROM THE
THOSE FIRST TWO CHECKS FROM THE TRUST ARE SIGNED BY THE
TRUST ARE SIGNED BY THE COMPANY’S CHIEF FINANCIAL
COMPANY’S CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER ALLEN WEISSLEBERG AND
OFFICER ALLEN WEISSLEBERG AND DONALD TRUMP JR.
DONALD TRUMP JR. THE NEXT CHECK IN THE SEQUENCE
THE NEXT CHECK IN THE SEQUENCE SHOULD BE AN APRIL CHECK, WHICH
SHOULD BE AN APRIL CHECK, WHICH WE HAVE NOT YET SEEN, AND THE
WE HAVE NOT YET SEEN, AND THE CHECK AFTER THAT IS A MAY 23rd
CHECK AFTER THAT IS A MAY 23rd CHECK THAT IS THE FIRST ONE IN
CHECK THAT IS THE FIRST ONE IN THE SEQUENCE THAT COMES FROM A
THE SEQUENCE THAT COMES FROM A DIFFERENT CHECKING ACCOUNT.
DIFFERENT CHECKING ACCOUNT. IT APPEARS TO BE A PERSONAL
IT APPEARS TO BE A PERSONAL CHECKING ACCOUNT OF DONALD J.
CHECKING ACCOUNT OF DONALD J. TRUMP AND IT IS SIGNED BY DONALD
TRUMP AND IT IS SIGNED BY DONALD TRUMP.
TRUMP. WHY THE CHANGE IN CHECKS?
WHY THE CHANGE IN CHECKS? WHY THE DIFFERENT CHECKS FROM A
WHY THE DIFFERENT CHECKS FROM A DIFFERENT CHECKING ACCOUNT
DIFFERENT CHECKING ACCOUNT SUDDENLY ON MAY 23rd, 2017?
SUDDENLY ON MAY 23rd, 2017? WHY DID THE TRUMP BUSINESS
WHY DID THE TRUMP BUSINESS DECIDE THEY NO LONGER SHOULD BE
DECIDE THEY NO LONGER SHOULD BE INVOLVED IN THE PAYMENTS TO
INVOLVED IN THE PAYMENTS TO MICHAEL COHEN?
MICHAEL COHEN? ROBERT MUELLER WAS APPOINTED
ROBERT MUELLER WAS APPOINTED SPECIAL PROSECUTOR ON MAY 17th,
SPECIAL PROSECUTOR ON MAY 17th, 2017.
2017. AND IT IS THE VERY NEXT CHECK
AND IT IS THE VERY NEXT CHECK AFTER THAT, SIX DAYS LATER.
AFTER THAT, SIX DAYS LATER. THE MAY 23rd CHECK THAT SUDDENLY
THE MAY 23rd CHECK THAT SUDDENLY COMES FROM A DIFFERENT CHECKING
COMES FROM A DIFFERENT CHECKING ACCOUNT AND IS SIGNED BY DONALD
ACCOUNT AND IS SIGNED BY DONALD TRUMP PERSONALLY.
TRUMP PERSONALLY. AND ALL OF THE CHECKS
AND ALL OF THE CHECKS REIMBURSING MICHAEL COHEN FOR
REIMBURSING MICHAEL COHEN FOR THE REST OF THE YEAR COME FROM
THE REST OF THE YEAR COME FROM THAT DIFFERENT CHECKING ACCOUNT
THAT DIFFERENT CHECKING ACCOUNT NOW THAT DONALD TRUMP AND
NOW THAT DONALD TRUMP AND EVERYONE AT THE TRUMP BUSINESS
EVERYONE AT THE TRUMP BUSINESS KNOWS THAT THERE IS A SPECIAL
KNOWS THAT THERE IS A SPECIAL PROSECUTOR INVESTING --
PROSECUTOR INVESTING -- INVESTIGATING DONALD TRUMP AND
INVESTIGATING DONALD TRUMP AND THE TRUMP ORGANIZATION.
THE TRUMP ORGANIZATION. AND ALL OF THE REST OF THOSE
AND ALL OF THE REST OF THOSE PAYOFF CHECKS TO MICHAEL COHEN
PAYOFF CHECKS TO MICHAEL COHEN COME FROM THAT DONALD TRUMP
COME FROM THAT DONALD TRUMP CHECKING ACCOUNT WITH ONLY ONE
CHECKING ACCOUNT WITH ONLY ONE SIGNATURE ON THOSE CHECKS, ONLY
SIGNATURE ON THOSE CHECKS, ONLY THE SIGNATURE OF DONALD TRUMP.
THE SIGNATURE OF DONALD TRUMP. WAS ALLEN WEISSLEBERG NO LONGER
WAS ALLEN WEISSLEBERG NO LONGER WILLING TO SIGN THOSE CHECKS?
WILLING TO SIGN THOSE CHECKS? WHY DID ALLEN WEISSLEBERG STOP
WHY DID ALLEN WEISSLEBERG STOP SIGNING THOSE REIMBURSEMENT
SIGNING THOSE REIMBURSEMENT CHECKS TO MICHAEL COHEN AFTER
CHECKS TO MICHAEL COHEN AFTER ROBERT MUELLER WAS APPOINTED
ROBERT MUELLER WAS APPOINTED SPECIAL PROSECUTOR?
SPECIAL PROSECUTOR? SURELY SOMEONE IN THE HOUSE
SURELY SOMEONE IN THE HOUSE INTELLIGENCE COMMITTEE TODAY
INTELLIGENCE COMMITTEE TODAY BEHIND CLOSED DOORS ASKED
BEHIND CLOSED DOORS ASKED MICHAEL COHEN THAT QUESTION.
MICHAEL COHEN THAT QUESTION. HERE’S WHAT MICHAEL COHEN HAD TO
HERE’S WHAT MICHAEL COHEN HAD TO SAY AFTER THAT CLOSED-DOOR
SAY AFTER THAT CLOSED-DOOR HEARING TODAY.
HEARING TODAY. >> THE HEARINGS WENT VERY, VERY
>> THE HEARINGS WENT VERY, VERY WELL.
WELL. I BELIEVE THAT ALL OF THE
I BELIEVE THAT ALL OF THE MEMBERS WERE SATISFIED WITH THE
MEMBERS WERE SATISFIED WITH THE STATEMENTS AND THE RESPONSES
STATEMENTS AND THE RESPONSES THAT I GAVE TO THEM.
THAT I GAVE TO THEM. I TOLD THEM THAT ANY ADDITIONAL
I TOLD THEM THAT ANY ADDITIONAL INFORMATION THAT THEY WOULD
INFORMATION THAT THEY WOULD WANT, THEY SHOULD FEEL
WANT, THEY SHOULD FEEL COMFORTABLE TO REACH OUT TO MY
COMFORTABLE TO REACH OUT TO MY COUNSEL AND I WOULD CONTINUE TO
COUNSEL AND I WOULD CONTINUE TO COOPERATE TO THE FULLEST EXTENT
COOPERATE TO THE FULLEST EXTENT OF MY CAPABILITIES.
OF MY CAPABILITIES. >> JOINING US NOW, FRIEND OF
>> JOINING US NOW, FRIEND OF MICHAEL COHEN, DONNY DEUTSCH,
MICHAEL COHEN, DONNY DEUTSCH, MSNBC CONTRIBUTOR.
MSNBC CONTRIBUTOR. HE TEXTED WITH MICHAEL COHEN
HE TEXTED WITH MICHAEL COHEN BEFORE, DURING AND AFTER HIS
BEFORE, DURING AND AFTER HIS CONGRESSIONAL TESTIMONY TODAY.
CONGRESSIONAL TESTIMONY TODAY. SO HE HAS THE LATEST FOR US.
SO HE HAS THE LATEST FOR US. AND TIM O’BRIEN, EXECUTIVE
AND TIM O’BRIEN, EXECUTIVE EDITOR OF BLOOMBERG.
EDITOR OF BLOOMBERG. .
. AN MSNBC CONTRIBUTOR.
AN MSNBC CONTRIBUTOR. HE’S BEEN REPORTING ON DONALD
HE’S BEEN REPORTING ON DONALD TRUMP LITERALLY FOR DECADES.
TRUMP LITERALLY FOR DECADES. HE WROTE A BOOK ABOUT DONALD
HE WROTE A BOOK ABOUT DONALD TRUMP THAT GOT HIM SUED BY
TRUMP THAT GOT HIM SUED BY DONALD TRUMP AND TIM O’BRIEN WON
DONALD TRUMP AND TIM O’BRIEN WON THAT LAWSUIT.
THAT LAWSUIT. DONNY, THE CHECKS.
DONNY, THE CHECKS. SEEING THIS CHANGE WHERE YOU
SEEING THIS CHANGE WHERE YOU HAVE -- YOU GO FROM THE TWO
HAVE -- YOU GO FROM THE TWO SIGNATURES OF ALLEN WEISSLEBERG
SIGNATURES OF ALLEN WEISSLEBERG AND DONALD TRUMP JR. AND
AND DONALD TRUMP JR. AND SUDDENLY NO ONE’S WILLING TO
SUDDENLY NO ONE’S WILLING TO SIGN THESE CHECKS ANYMORE AFTER
SIGN THESE CHECKS ANYMORE AFTER A SPECIAL PROSECUTOR’S ANNOUNCED
A SPECIAL PROSECUTOR’S ANNOUNCED AND WE SEE ONE SIGNATURE ON THE
AND WE SEE ONE SIGNATURE ON THE CHECKS, DONALD TRUMP.
CHECKS, DONALD TRUMP. >> YEAH.
>> YEAH. I THINK YOU LAY IT OUT
I THINK YOU LAY IT OUT PERFECTLY.
PERFECTLY. AND I THINK WHAT’S INTERESTING
AND I THINK WHAT’S INTERESTING IS THAT WEISSLEBERG, AND WE
IS THAT WEISSLEBERG, AND WE TALKED LAST TIME TIM AND I WERE
TALKED LAST TIME TIM AND I WERE ON, ABOUT HOW HE’S GOING TO BE
ON, ABOUT HOW HE’S GOING TO BE SUCH A KEY FIGURE.
SUCH A KEY FIGURE. HE WAS THE GUY DOING EVERYTHING.
HE WAS THE GUY DOING EVERYTHING. SO IT’S FASCINATING THAT ALL OF
SO IT’S FASCINATING THAT ALL OF A SUDDEN TRUMP IS SIGNING HIS
A SUDDEN TRUMP IS SIGNING HIS OWN CHECKS.
OWN CHECKS. AND ONE OTHER THING ABOUT TRUMP
AND ONE OTHER THING ABOUT TRUMP AND CHECKS.
AND CHECKS. TRUMP DOES NOT LIKE TO PAY
TRUMP DOES NOT LIKE TO PAY MONEY.
MONEY. PEOPLE KNOW WHO WORK FOR TRUMP
PEOPLE KNOW WHO WORK FOR TRUMP IN NEW YORK OVER THE YEARS.
IN NEW YORK OVER THE YEARS. >> YEAH.
>> YEAH. >> VERY HARD TO COLLECT FOR
>> VERY HARD TO COLLECT FOR ANYTHING.
ANYTHING. HERE NOW ALL OF A SUDDEN DONALD
HERE NOW ALL OF A SUDDEN DONALD TRUMP AMIDST HIS DAILY
TRUMP AMIDST HIS DAILY PRESIDENTIAL ROUTINES IS WRITING
PRESIDENTIAL ROUTINES IS WRITING RETAINER CHECKS TO A GUY WHO HE
RETAINER CHECKS TO A GUY WHO HE SAYS BARELY EVEN WHEN HE WAS
SAYS BARELY EVEN WHEN HE WAS WORKING FOR HIM WAS HIS LAWYER.
WORKING FOR HIM WAS HIS LAWYER. NOW HE HASN’T WORKED FOR HIM
NOW HE HASN’T WORKED FOR HIM TECHNICALLY IN MONTHS JUST DOING
TECHNICALLY IN MONTHS JUST DOING SOME ADVICE AND ALL OF A SUDDEN
SOME ADVICE AND ALL OF A SUDDEN URGENTLY WRITING HIM CHECKS ON A
URGENTLY WRITING HIM CHECKS ON A VERY, VERY TIMELY BASIS.
VERY, VERY TIMELY BASIS. VERY UN-TRUMP LIKE.
VERY UN-TRUMP LIKE. >> AND, TIM, THE -- THERE HASN’T
>> AND, TIM, THE -- THERE HASN’T REALLY BEEN A DEFENSE OFFERED
REALLY BEEN A DEFENSE OFFERED FOR THESE CHECKS, BUT WHAT
FOR THESE CHECKS, BUT WHAT THEY’VE -- WHAT THEY’VE TRIED TO
THEY’VE -- WHAT THEY’VE TRIED TO SORT OF PUMP OUT THERE THROUGH
SORT OF PUMP OUT THERE THROUGH SOME OF THE REPUBLICAN MEMBERS
SOME OF THE REPUBLICAN MEMBERS OF THE COMMITTEE WHO ARE
OF THE COMMITTEE WHO ARE PUBLICLY ASKING QUESTIONS IS
PUBLICLY ASKING QUESTIONS IS THAT THERE WAS A RETAINER
THAT THERE WAS A RETAINER AGREEMENT FOR THIS LAWYER.
AGREEMENT FOR THIS LAWYER. MICHAEL COHEN IS INDEED A
MICHAEL COHEN IS INDEED A LAWYER.
LAWYER. BUT YOU HAVE ALL THESE PUBLIC
BUT YOU HAVE ALL THESE PUBLIC STATEMENTS FROM DONALD TRUMP
STATEMENTS FROM DONALD TRUMP HIMSELF SAYING THAT, OH, MICHAEL
HIMSELF SAYING THAT, OH, MICHAEL COHEN DIDN’T DO ANYTHING FOR ME.
COHEN DIDN’T DO ANYTHING FOR ME. HE WAS JUST THIS GUY I LET HANG
HE WAS JUST THIS GUY I LET HANG AROUND.
AROUND. HE DIDN’T REALLY DO ANYTHING.
HE DIDN’T REALLY DO ANYTHING. AS USUAL, ON THE RECORD, WE HAVE
AS USUAL, ON THE RECORD, WE HAVE TRUMP STATEMENTS THAT SORT OF
TRUMP STATEMENTS THAT SORT OF CONTRADICT A TRUMP THEORY OF
CONTRADICT A TRUMP THEORY OF DEFENSE.
DEFENSE. THE OTHER ISSUE IS IF YOU’RE A
THE OTHER ISSUE IS IF YOU’RE A LAWYER IN A RETAINER AGREEMENT,
LAWYER IN A RETAINER AGREEMENT, THOSE THINGS ARE WRITTEN.
THOSE THINGS ARE WRITTEN. I’VE SEEN RETAINER AGREEMENTS
I’VE SEEN RETAINER AGREEMENTS FOR LAWYERS.
FOR LAWYERS. THEY’RE PRETTY SIMPLE.
THEY’RE PRETTY SIMPLE. >> YES.
>> YES. >> THERE’S GOT TO BE A RETAINER
>> THERE’S GOT TO BE A RETAINER AGREEMENT THAT YOU PRODUCE OR
AGREEMENT THAT YOU PRODUCE OR THERE ISN’T.
THERE ISN’T. IF ALLEN WEISSLEBERG CAN’T
IF ALLEN WEISSLEBERG CAN’T PRODUCE THAT RETAINER AGREEMENT,
PRODUCE THAT RETAINER AGREEMENT, I DON’T KNOW HOW HE JUSTIFIES
I DON’T KNOW HOW HE JUSTIFIES SIGNING THESE CHECKS.
SIGNING THESE CHECKS. >> WELL, THEN WE’D BE SHOCKED
>> WELL, THEN WE’D BE SHOCKED AGAIN TO DISCOVER THAT MEMBERS
AGAIN TO DISCOVER THAT MEMBERS OF THE TRUMP TRIO ARE LYING
OF THE TRUMP TRIO ARE LYING ABOUT WHAT’S OCCURRED HERE.
ABOUT WHAT’S OCCURRED HERE. YOU KNOW, IT’S INTERESTING THAT
YOU KNOW, IT’S INTERESTING THAT THAT IRREVOCABLE TRUST IS IN
THAT IRREVOCABLE TRUST IS IN PLACE HERE.
PLACE HERE. IT WAS ESSENTIALLY THIS FIG LEAF
IT WAS ESSENTIALLY THIS FIG LEAF THAT WAS ESTABLISHED TO GIVE THE
THAT WAS ESTABLISHED TO GIVE THE APPEARANCE THAT THE TRUMP FAMILY
APPEARANCE THAT THE TRUMP FAMILY WAS INSULATING THE TRUMP FAMILY
WAS INSULATING THE TRUMP FAMILY BUSINESSES FROM THE WHITE HOUSE
BUSINESSES FROM THE WHITE HOUSE BECAUSE THE PRESIDENT CAME INTO
BECAUSE THE PRESIDENT CAME INTO THE WHITE HOUSE AS THE MOST
THE WHITE HOUSE AS THE MOST FINANCIALLY CONFLICTED PRESIDENT
FINANCIALLY CONFLICTED PRESIDENT OF THE MODERN ERA.
OF THE MODERN ERA. EVERY PRESIDENT PRIOR TO HIM HAD
EVERY PRESIDENT PRIOR TO HIM HAD RELEASED THEIR TAX RETURNS.
RELEASED THEIR TAX RETURNS. IF THEY HAD BUSINESS HOLDINGS,
IF THEY HAD BUSINESS HOLDINGS, THEY EITHER PUT THEM INTO AN
THEY EITHER PUT THEM INTO AN AUTHENTICALLY BLIND TRUST OR
AUTHENTICALLY BLIND TRUST OR SOLD THEM.
SOLD THEM. TRUMP DIDN’T DO ANY OF THE
TRUMP DIDN’T DO ANY OF THE ABOVE.
ABOVE. THAT IRREVOCABLE TRUST IS RUN BY
THAT IRREVOCABLE TRUST IS RUN BY ALLEN WEISSLEBERG, THE CEO AND
ALLEN WEISSLEBERG, THE CEO AND HIS TWO ELDEST SONS.
HIS TWO ELDEST SONS. THE FACT THAT THE CHECKS WERE
THE FACT THAT THE CHECKS WERE CUT OF THE OF THE TRUST PRESUMES
CUT OF THE OF THE TRUST PRESUMES THAT ALLEN AND THE BOYS KNEW
THAT ALLEN AND THE BOYS KNEW WHAT THE MONEY WAS BEING SPENT
WHAT THE MONEY WAS BEING SPENT ON SO THEY ARE NOW PART OF A
ON SO THEY ARE NOW PART OF A POSSIBLE CRIMINAL CONSPIRACY
POSSIBLE CRIMINAL CONSPIRACY INVOLVING THE PAYMENT OF HUSH
INVOLVING THE PAYMENT OF HUSH MONEY AND CAMPAIGN FINANCE LAW
MONEY AND CAMPAIGN FINANCE LAW VIOLATIONS.
VIOLATIONS. I IMAGINE AT SOME POINT IT
I IMAGINE AT SOME POINT IT DAWNED ON THEM THIS IS ACTUALLY
DAWNED ON THEM THIS IS ACTUALLY NOT A PARTICULARLY BRIGHT GROUP
NOT A PARTICULARLY BRIGHT GROUP OF PEOPLE.
OF PEOPLE. THEY THOUGHT, UH-OH, WE’VE BEEN
THEY THOUGHT, UH-OH, WE’VE BEEN PULLED INTO THIS AND THEY TELL
PULLED INTO THIS AND THEY TELL THE PRESIDENT IT HAS TO COME
THE PRESIDENT IT HAS TO COME FROM ELSEWHERE.
FROM ELSEWHERE. TRUMP SAYS, OKAY, I’LL USE MY
TRUMP SAYS, OKAY, I’LL USE MY PERSONAL CHECKING ACCOUNT.
PERSONAL CHECKING ACCOUNT. HE’S ALSO SAID THAT HE WASN’T
HE’S ALSO SAID THAT HE WASN’T REALLY SURE WHERE ANY OF THESE
REALLY SURE WHERE ANY OF THESE FUNDS WERE GOING OR WHAT THEY
FUNDS WERE GOING OR WHAT THEY WERE BEING USED FOR.
WERE BEING USED FOR. IT REMINDED ME IN THE MID-1980s,
IT REMINDED ME IN THE MID-1980s, "SPY" MAGAZINE DID THIS GREAT
"SPY" MAGAZINE DID THIS GREAT SPOOF WHERE THEY MAILED CHECKS.
SPOOF WHERE THEY MAILED CHECKS. 50 PEOPLE, INCLUDING DONALD
50 PEOPLE, INCLUDING DONALD TRUMP CASHED IT.
TRUMP CASHED IT. THEN FOR 5 BUCKS, FOUR PEOPLE
THEN FOR 5 BUCKS, FOUR PEOPLE AND DONALD TRUMP.
AND DONALD TRUMP. 50 CENTS.
50 CENTS. TRUMP WAS THE ONLY ONE TO CASH
TRUMP WAS THE ONLY ONE TO CASH FINAL CHECK.
FINAL CHECK. THIS IS A GUY WHO KNOWS WHERE
THIS IS A GUY WHO KNOWS WHERE EVERY DOLLAR IS GOING.
EVERY DOLLAR IS GOING. >> DONNY, ONE THING LINDSEY
>> DONNY, ONE THING LINDSEY GRAHAM SAID IN HIS, YOU KNOW,
GRAHAM SAID IN HIS, YOU KNOW, DEFENSE OF DONALD TRUMP HERE IS,
DEFENSE OF DONALD TRUMP HERE IS, OH, YOU KNOW, PEOPLE DON’T
OH, YOU KNOW, PEOPLE DON’T COMMIT CRIMES WITH CHECKS.
COMMIT CRIMES WITH CHECKS. WHAT LINDSEY GRAHAM IS
WHAT LINDSEY GRAHAM IS SUGGESTING IN THAT IS THAT
SUGGESTING IN THAT IS THAT DONALD TRUMP AS PRESIDENT OF THE
DONALD TRUMP AS PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES COULD SOMEHOW GET
UNITED STATES COULD SOMEHOW GET $35,000 OVER THE COURSE OF THE
$35,000 OVER THE COURSE OF THE YEAR, HUNDREDS OF THOUSANDS OF
YEAR, HUNDREDS OF THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS OUT OF A BANK SOMEHOW IN
DOLLARS OUT OF A BANK SOMEHOW IN CASH AND DELIVER THESE MASSIVE
CASH AND DELIVER THESE MASSIVE PILES OF CASH TO MICHAEL COHEN
PILES OF CASH TO MICHAEL COHEN WITH ALL OF THOSE CASH
WITH ALL OF THOSE CASH TRANSACTIONS BEING ILLEGAL.
TRANSACTIONS BEING ILLEGAL. >> YEAH.
>> YEAH. >> ALL OF THEM.
>> ALL OF THEM. >> LIKE, SO, YOU KNOW, LINDSEY
>> LIKE, SO, YOU KNOW, LINDSEY GRAHAM’S DEFENSE IS, WHY DIDN’T
GRAHAM’S DEFENSE IS, WHY DIDN’T HE COMMIT THE CRIME IN AN EVEN
HE COMMIT THE CRIME IN AN EVEN BULKIER WAY THAT WOULD CREATE
BULKIER WAY THAT WOULD CREATE EVEN MORE PROBLEMS FOR HIM?
EVEN MORE PROBLEMS FOR HIM? >> WE’RE NOT GOING TO FIND LOGIC
>> WE’RE NOT GOING TO FIND LOGIC IN LINDSEY GRAHAM.
IN LINDSEY GRAHAM. THAT WOULD BE A FOUR-HOUR
THAT WOULD BE A FOUR-HOUR SPECIAL.
SPECIAL. I WANT TO GO BACK TO WEISSLEBERG
I WANT TO GO BACK TO WEISSLEBERG AND DRAW A LINE TO BIRDIE
AND DRAW A LINE TO BIRDIE MADOFF.
MADOFF. NOT THAT TRUMP IS RUNNING A
NOT THAT TRUMP IS RUNNING A PONZI SCHEME.
PONZI SCHEME. BERNIE MADOFF HAD A $50 BILLION
BERNIE MADOFF HAD A $50 BILLION FUND AND ONE ACCOUNTANT IN A
FUND AND ONE ACCOUNTANT IN A STRIP MALL.
STRIP MALL. WHEN YOU ARE DOING NEFARIOUS
WHEN YOU ARE DOING NEFARIOUS STUFF, YOU CAN’T HAVE A LOT OF
STUFF, YOU CAN’T HAVE A LOT OF PEOPLE INVOLVED.
PEOPLE INVOLVED. WHAT’S GOING TO BE SAD AND
WHAT’S GOING TO BE SAD AND TRAGIC AS WE UNPEEL THIS --
TRAGIC AS WE UNPEEL THIS -- >> AND FUNNY --
>> AND FUNNY -- >> WELL, SAD.
>> WELL, SAD. >> THE AUDIENCE WILL DECIDE.
>> THE AUDIENCE WILL DECIDE. >> OKAY.
>> OKAY. IT WILL CERTAINLY BE
IT WILL CERTAINLY BE INTERESTING.
INTERESTING. YOU’RE GOING TO SEE EVERYTHING
YOU’RE GOING TO SEE EVERYTHING JUST WENT THROUGH THIS LITTLE
JUST WENT THROUGH THIS LITTLE GREEN VISOR GUY WHERE THIS HUGE
GREEN VISOR GUY WHERE THIS HUGE -- SUPPOSEDLY HUGE CORPORATION,
-- SUPPOSEDLY HUGE CORPORATION, THERE IS NO FINANCE DEPARTMENT.
THERE IS NO FINANCE DEPARTMENT. THERE IS NO CONTROLLERS.
THERE IS NO CONTROLLERS. THERE’S NO BUDGET DIRECTORS.
THERE’S NO BUDGET DIRECTORS. WHEN YOU ARE RUNNING EITHER A
WHEN YOU ARE RUNNING EITHER A PONZI SCHEME OR A DISHONEST
PONZI SCHEME OR A DISHONEST CRIMINAL ORGANIZATION, IT’S GOT
CRIMINAL ORGANIZATION, IT’S GOT TO BE VERY, VERY ISOLATED.
TO BE VERY, VERY ISOLATED. THIS WAS VERY ISOLATED AND
THIS WAS VERY ISOLATED AND YOU’RE STARTING TO SEE IT HERE.
YOU’RE STARTING TO SEE IT HERE. >> LET ME GET YOU, DONNY, TO THE
>> LET ME GET YOU, DONNY, TO THE PARDONS, BECAUSE YOU WOULD KNOW
PARDONS, BECAUSE YOU WOULD KNOW MORE ABOUT THIS THAN ANYONE WHO
MORE ABOUT THIS THAN ANYONE WHO CAN TALK TO US.
CAN TALK TO US. THESE STORIES THAT WE’RE GETTING
THESE STORIES THAT WE’RE GETTING TONIGHT SAYING THAT PEOPLE --
TONIGHT SAYING THAT PEOPLE -- LAWYERS SAYING WE’RE CLOSE TO
LAWYERS SAYING WE’RE CLOSE TO RUDY GIULIANI ARE APPROACHING
RUDY GIULIANI ARE APPROACHING MICHAEL COHEN SHORTLY AFTER THE
MICHAEL COHEN SHORTLY AFTER THE RAID AND THEY’RE TALKING TO HIM
RAID AND THEY’RE TALKING TO HIM ABOUT POSSIBILITIES -- STAYING
ABOUT POSSIBILITIES -- STAYING IN THE TENT.
IN THE TENT. THIS KIND OF CODE LANGUAGE.
THIS KIND OF CODE LANGUAGE. WHAT DO WE KNOW ABOUT THAT?
WHAT DO WE KNOW ABOUT THAT? >> WELL, I’M NOT AT LIBERTY TO
>> WELL, I’M NOT AT LIBERTY TO TALK ABOUT THAT, BUT I WILL TALK
TALK ABOUT THAT, BUT I WILL TALK ABOUT TRUMP AS AN AUTOCRAT.
ABOUT TRUMP AS AN AUTOCRAT. IF YOU’RE AN AUTOCRAT AND YOU
IF YOU’RE AN AUTOCRAT AND YOU ALSO OPERATE ABOVE THE LAW, WHAT
ALSO OPERATE ABOVE THE LAW, WHAT IS THE MOST AUTOCRATIC TOOL A
IS THE MOST AUTOCRATIC TOOL A PRESIDENT HAS?
PRESIDENT HAS? IT’S A PARDON.
IT’S A PARDON. >> YEAH.
>> YEAH. >> YOU MORE THAN ANYBODY
>> YOU MORE THAN ANYBODY UNDERSTANDING DONALD TRUMP,
UNDERSTANDING DONALD TRUMP, UNDERSTANDING HIS CONSTANT NEED
UNDERSTANDING HIS CONSTANT NEED TO AND ABILITY TO KNOCK DOWN
TO AND ABILITY TO KNOCK DOWN OBSTACLES, THAT IN SOME WAY,
OBSTACLES, THAT IN SOME WAY, SHAPE OR FORM, IN MAY MAFIO SEW
SHAPE OR FORM, IN MAY MAFIO SEW WAY, NOT A DIRECT WAY.
WAY, NOT A DIRECT WAY. IT WASN’T MAKE SENSE IF THEY
IT WASN’T MAKE SENSE IF THEY WEREN’T.
WEREN’T. I’M NOT AT LIBERTY TO TALK ABOUT
I’M NOT AT LIBERTY TO TALK ABOUT WHETHER PARDONS WERE OFFERED OR
WHETHER PARDONS WERE OFFERED OR NOT OFFERED.
NOT OFFERED. I DO KNOW, THOUGH, THAT COMMON
I DO KNOW, THOUGH, THAT COMMON SENSE TELLS YOU THAT IF YOU’RE
SENSE TELLS YOU THAT IF YOU’RE DONALD TRUMP AND YOU KNOW THAT
DONALD TRUMP AND YOU KNOW THAT MICHAEL COHEN KNOWS WHERE ALL
MICHAEL COHEN KNOWS WHERE ALL THE BODIES WERE BURIED, AT SOME
THE BODIES WERE BURIED, AT SOME POINT HE WOULD HAVE AT LEAST
POINT HE WOULD HAVE AT LEAST WANTED TO KEEP HIM UNDER THE
WANTED TO KEEP HIM UNDER THE TENT UNTIL IT WAS NO LONGER AN
TENT UNTIL IT WAS NO LONGER AN OPTION.
OPTION. >> ONE MORE THING ABOUT THE
>> ONE MORE THING ABOUT THE TESTIMONY BEHIND CLOSED DOORS BY
TESTIMONY BEHIND CLOSED DOORS BY MICHAEL COHEN.
MICHAEL COHEN. DO YOU KNOW IN IF THE
DO YOU KNOW IN IF THE CLOSED-DOOR TESTIMONY MICHAEL
CLOSED-DOOR TESTIMONY MICHAEL COHEN IS IN EFFECT ALLOWED BY
COHEN IS IN EFFECT ALLOWED BY THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT
THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT PROSECUTORS AND BY ROBERT
PROSECUTORS AND BY ROBERT MUELLER TO SAY MORE --
MUELLER TO SAY MORE -- >> NO.
>> NO. >> -- THAN IN THE PUBLIC
>> -- THAN IN THE PUBLIC TESTIMONY?
TESTIMONY? >> NO, HE IS REALLY BOUND IN
>> NO, HE IS REALLY BOUND IN TERMS OF THESE THINGS.
TERMS OF THESE THINGS. LOOK, HE’S BEING VERY CAREFUL.
LOOK, HE’S BEING VERY CAREFUL. THAT’S WHY I FIND IT LAUGHABLE
THAT’S WHY I FIND IT LAUGHABLE WHEN PEOPLE WERE SUGGESTING THAT
WHEN PEOPLE WERE SUGGESTING THAT HE WAS LYING THE OTHER DAY WHEN
HE WAS LYING THE OTHER DAY WHEN THEY WERE EDITING THIS THING.
THEY WERE EDITING THIS THING. YES, THIS GUY IF HE TELLS THE
YES, THIS GUY IF HE TELLS THE TRUTH GETS NOTHING.
TRUTH GETS NOTHING. IF HE LIES, HE GETS MORE JAIL
IF HE LIES, HE GETS MORE JAIL TIME.
TIME. HE’S GOING IN THE FRONT OF THE
HE’S GOING IN THE FRONT OF THE ENTIRE WORLD, OH, THIS IS A GOOD
ENTIRE WORLD, OH, THIS IS A GOOD ONE.
ONE. THE LAWYERS EDITED MY STATEMENT.
THE LAWYERS EDITED MY STATEMENT. YEAH, I THINK I’M JUST GOING TO
YEAH, I THINK I’M JUST GOING TO SAY THAT ON MY OWN AND IT’S NOT
SAY THAT ON MY OWN AND IT’S NOT GOING TO BE TRUTHFUL.
GOING TO BE TRUTHFUL. IT’S PREPOSTEROUS TO THINK
IT’S PREPOSTEROUS TO THINK THAT’S A LIE.
THAT’S A LIE. MICHAEL IS BEING VERY CAREFUL
MICHAEL IS BEING VERY CAREFUL WHEN IT COMES TO ANY
WHEN IT COMES TO ANY INVESTIGATION.
INVESTIGATION. THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT, ROBERT
THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT, ROBERT MUELLER, ANYTHING GOING ON.
MUELLER, ANYTHING GOING ON. CLOSED DOORS OR OPEN DOORS, HIS
CLOSED DOORS OR OPEN DOORS, HIS LINE IS THERE ARE CERTAIN PLACES
LINE IS THERE ARE CERTAIN PLACES YOU CAN’T GO.
YOU CAN’T GO. >> TIM, ALLEN WEISSLEBERG, IT
>> TIM, ALLEN WEISSLEBERG, IT JUST KEEPS COMING DOWN TO ALLEN
JUST KEEPS COMING DOWN TO ALLEN WEISSLEBERG.
WEISSLEBERG. HE’S GOING TO BE ASKED SOME
HE’S GOING TO BE ASKED SOME POINT PROBABLY PUBLICLY IN THESE
POINT PROBABLY PUBLICLY IN THESE HEARINGS WAS THERE A RETAINER
HEARINGS WAS THERE A RETAINER AGREEMENT?
AGREEMENT? CAN YOU SHOW US THE RETAINER
CAN YOU SHOW US THE RETAINER AGREEMENT, A PIECE OF PAPER, OR
AGREEMENT, A PIECE OF PAPER, OR HE’S JUST GOING TO SAY, NO,
HE’S JUST GOING TO SAY, NO, THERE WASN’T.
THERE WASN’T. MICHAEL COHEN IS TELLING THE
MICHAEL COHEN IS TELLING THE TRUTH.
TRUTH. THIS IS OUR REIMBURSEMENT METHOD
THIS IS OUR REIMBURSEMENT METHOD FOR HIM.
FOR HIM. HE DOESN’T HAVE A LOT OF RANGE
HE DOESN’T HAVE A LOT OF RANGE OF POSSIBILITY HERE.
OF POSSIBILITY HERE. >> THAT’S PROBABLY THE LEAST OF
>> THAT’S PROBABLY THE LEAST OF HIS WORRIES IN THE TERMS OF
HIS WORRIES IN THE TERMS OF QUESTIONS HE’S GOING TO GET
QUESTIONS HE’S GOING TO GET BECAUSE HE’S BEEN THERE FOR
BECAUSE HE’S BEEN THERE FOR DECADES.
DECADES. THEY’RE GOING TO ASK HIM ABOUT
THEY’RE GOING TO ASK HIM ABOUT TRUMP’S TAX RETURNS.
TRUMP’S TAX RETURNS. THEY’RE GOING TO ASK HIM ABOUT
THEY’RE GOING TO ASK HIM ABOUT POSSIBLE MONEY LAUNDERING.
POSSIBLE MONEY LAUNDERING. THEY’RE GOING TO ASK HIM ABOUT
THEY’RE GOING TO ASK HIM ABOUT WHETHER OR NOT THEY COMMITTED
WHETHER OR NOT THEY COMMITTED INSURANCE FRAUD.
INSURANCE FRAUD. WHICH IS WHY I SUSPECT BEFORE
WHICH IS WHY I SUSPECT BEFORE ALLEN WEISSLEBERG EVEN LANDS IN
ALLEN WEISSLEBERG EVEN LANDS IN CONGRESS HE’S GOING TO GET AN
CONGRESS HE’S GOING TO GET AN IMMUNITY DEAL IN ORDER TO SIT
IMMUNITY DEAL IN ORDER TO SIT THERE AND TALK BECAUSE HIS
THERE AND TALK BECAUSE HIS KNOWLEDGE IS SO VAST AND
KNOWLEDGE IS SO VAST AND EXPANSIVE THAT I DON’T KNOW HOW
EXPANSIVE THAT I DON’T KNOW HOW HE COULD GO IN AND NOT
HE COULD GO IN AND NOT INCRIMINATE HIMSELF BECAUSE HE’S
INCRIMINATE HIMSELF BECAUSE HE’S BEEN TIED TO THE HIP WITH TRUMP
BEEN TIED TO THE HIP WITH TRUMP FOR DECADES ON THIS STUFF.
FOR DECADES ON THIS STUFF. >> YOU KNOW, IF THERE WERE
>> YOU KNOW, IF THERE WERE IMPORTANT HEAVIER CRIMES
IMPORTANT HEAVIER CRIMES INVOLVED IN ALL OF THIS, THE
INVOLVED IN ALL OF THIS, THE FIRST THING ANY ACCOUNTANT WOULD
FIRST THING ANY ACCOUNTANT WOULD POINT TO IN THIS SWITCH OF
POINT TO IN THIS SWITCH OF CHECKS IS A BUSINESS IS PAYING A
CHECKS IS A BUSINESS IS PAYING A BUSINESS EXPENSE TO MICHAEL
BUSINESS EXPENSE TO MICHAEL COHEN AND DEDUCTING IT --
COHEN AND DEDUCTING IT -- >> RIGHT.
>> RIGHT. >> -- FROM THIS TAXES AND THAT
>> -- FROM THIS TAXES AND THAT BUSINESS SUDDENLY DECIDES IT’S
BUSINESS SUDDENLY DECIDES IT’S NOT A BUSINESS EXPENSE AND IT’S
NOT A BUSINESS EXPENSE AND IT’S THEN PAID BY AN INDIVIDUAL --
THEN PAID BY AN INDIVIDUAL -- >> OUT OF HIS OWN ACCOUNT.
>> OUT OF HIS OWN ACCOUNT. >> THAT MEANS THE BUSINESS
>> THAT MEANS THE BUSINESS PAYMENTS WERE ILLEGAL.
PAYMENTS WERE ILLEGAL. BUT THAT IS THE TINIEST OF THE
BUT THAT IS THE TINIEST OF THE POSSIBLE ILLEGALITIES IN THIS
POSSIBLE ILLEGALITIES IN THIS WHOLE SCHEME.
WHOLE SCHEME. >> AS WE TALK -- THIS IS ALL
>> AS WE TALK -- THIS IS ALL VERY TIMELY.
VERY TIMELY. THIS IS ALL SCRATCHING THE
THIS IS ALL SCRATCHING THE SURFACE, MY FRIEND.
SURFACE, MY FRIEND. >> YOUR POINT IS THERE IS A
>> YOUR POINT IS THERE IS A MOUNTAIN, AND MICHAEL COHEN IS
MOUNTAIN, AND MICHAEL COHEN IS NOW JUST PLAYING AROUND WITH THE
NOW JUST PLAYING AROUND WITH THE TIP OF THE ICEBERG PUBLICLY.
TIP OF THE ICEBERG PUBLICLY. >> WE SEE HOW TRUMP FLAUNTS THE
>> WE SEE HOW TRUMP FLAUNTS THE LAW PUBLICLY.
LAW PUBLICLY. IMAGINE AT THE HEAD OF A PRIVATE
IMAGINE AT THE HEAD OF A PRIVATE COMPANY WHAT HE WAS DOING IN THE
COMPANY WHAT HE WAS DOING IN THE REAL ESTATE BUSINESS, WHICH IS
REAL ESTATE BUSINESS, WHICH IS SO SLIPPERY TO BEGIN WITH.
SO SLIPPERY TO BEGIN WITH. ANY TYPE OF FRAUD, CHEATING,
ANY TYPE OF FRAUD, CHEATING, WHETHER IT BE TAXES, BANK,
WHETHER IT BE TAXES, BANK, PHILANTHROPIC, THAT’S WHAT THIS
PHILANTHROPIC, THAT’S WHAT THIS GUY DOES.
GUY DOES. >> DONNY DEUTSCH, THE GUIDE TO